[Applause]
[Music]
this is this the real getting Jones
well then Bruno you can turn full thrust
ahead you're turning to the law in game
when done
oh good
[Applause]
he's smiling I'm in a state of shock we
saw a very different side you'll need to
them yeah that was fantastic really we
[Applause]
[Music]
yes we know that yeah forget then you
are so they're the lot team flare is
there now I want to see you if you come
back next week and let's pray you do
pull up and really reach up and out
because it was just a little fraction
flat-footed a little bit
I don't know about that - Lynn do you
grommet that acting coach was a miracle
work and that is what you've done but
that's what we expect now week after
week if your language that's what we
want don't go back into
[Applause]
crowd the crowd was that salsa salsa hot
enough for the judges game over there
was certainly enough spice over to you
Tess
[Applause]
deserves a few points all by itself yeah
you gettin is this the real guessing of
screaming through the whole seat well
it's a capable keep here we love it
ladies and gentlemen the judges scores
Kraig Revel Horwood
[Music]
radiating heat no Len Goodman hi
[Applause]
another massive Scot a combined score of
74 rout of 84 the to preside
you've done well girl fantastic